Privacy Policy

This app is provided as a free app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.

By using this Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy, and also agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service
.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this Privacy Policy.

This app integrates with YouTube API Services. When you use features that interact with YouTube, the app may send requests to the YouTube Data API to display public information such as video titles, thumbnails, or channel names. The app does not download, store, or redistribute YouTube content.

For more details on how Google collects and processes data, please review the Google Privacy Policy
.

Third-Party Services

The app uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. These may include, but are not limited to:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Firebase Crashlytics

YouTube API Services

If third-party content such as ads is displayed, those providers may collect data to personalize or measure their services.

Data Processing and Sharing

Data is processed to operate and improve the Service.

Information may be shared with trusted third-party providers (listed above) only for functionality, analytics, or advertising.

We do not sell personal information to third parties.

Log Data

Whenever you use our Service, in case of an error we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your device called Log Data. This may include device IP address, device name, operating system version, app configuration, the time/date of use, and other statistics.

Cookies

This Service does not explicitly use cookies. However, third-party code and libraries may use cookies to collect information and improve their services.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or electronic storage, is 100% secure.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of those websites.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If we discover that such information has been provided, we immediately delete it.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2025-09-02.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at: davestecnologia@gmail.com